Convert ESPSense to an external component (#7)
cbpowell/ESPSense: README.md

The focus on the wiki is for plugs that are re-flashable "over the air" for simplicity, but if you're comfortable with soldering (and opening the plug) there are  an incredible number of compatible plugs/devices compatible with ESPHome.

# Usage
Modify/create your ESPHome YAML definition to include:
1. an `external_component` directive, that specifies this component

> 2. the `espsense` details, to tell ESPSense which ESPHome sensor(s) to utilize for power data (note: this can also be a [template sensor](https://esphome.io/components/sensor/template.html) that returns a wattage value!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. a top level `espsense` directive, to configure the ESPSense component by specifying which ESPHome sensor(s) to utilize for power data for each plug (note: these can also be [template sensors](https://esphome.io/components/sensor/template.html) that return a wattage value!)
```

Author: Documentation has always been my weak point, I agree this is clearer.
